Hello my name is Luke and I will be your instructor throughout this girls and this girl.
You are a master discrete math within a few hours.
The topics that are covered in this girls are logic.
I talk about logical statements logical connectives and logical formula us.
Then we move on to sets.
I explain what is said what operations can we do with SATs and we will take a look at relations and
functions.
Then we move on to combinatorics where I explain permutation variations and combinations and we finish
with graphs.
I explain what is graph and also I show you how dexterous shortest path algorithm works inside the curves
are plenty of exercises on which you can practice and if you get stuck or don't understand something
you can always reach out to me.
Mostly I respond to questions within a day and that is pretty much it.
Thanks for your time and I will see you in the curves.